And once we have added our form in the deals section next one up we're going to work on our footer.
So if we take a look at the finished project in a footer we're gonna have some links.
So we're gonna be able to navigate to that particular section from the footer as well as onto some icons
all the way in the bottom as well.
And then a little copyright where there's gonna be some information about our company.
Okay.
Now let's head over back to our indexation the email then and let's copy paste like we already have
done before your times and then in this case you know what we can just skip it.
In a sense that we don't need to have two comments for one specific thing.
Why don't we write footer.
And that is going to mean that of course there's going to be a footprint here.
And then right after the footer we're gonna have our JavaScript So let's write JavaScript which by the
way is optional at the end of the day anyway.
But I'm gonna have my comment in here.
OK.
Now as far as footer Well let's start by creating a footer element.
So in this case we're not creating a section we're creating a footer with two classes and a section
as well as the Fuhrer class.
Now within a photo let's start by creating our looks.
So let's create a comment let's say footer links and then let's go with a div with the class of footer
links footer hyphen links.
Now within this div there's gonna be bunch of links.
So let's start with the first one.
So I'm going to create a link now.
The links are gonna be within our page.
So I'm just gonna say hashtag.
That means that this particular link is going to go to a certain idea.
Remember that was the reason when every time we create a section we added these ideas.
So if your ideas are different.
Make sure that you in fact have the ideas that you are using.
In my case I'm using gallery I'm using about I'm using deals now.
So that's the reason when I'm creating a link I'm gonna add over here.
Let's say home line means that this particular thing is gonna go home and then as well I'm gonna add
class and I see a class of footer link.
Now later on we're gonna add some classes as well for my javascript when we're setting up the smooth
scrolling.
But as far as the amount he has this concern we just need the nature of with particular ideas and then
footer link class and also as a side note for our finished project actually when we're gonna have the
knob bar I'm also gonna use the same links.
Now I'm gonna change the classes as far as styling is concerned but the HMO I'm just going to copy and
paste because I don't see the point of let's say creating a length one time and then again hard coding
the second time I'm just gonna grab this footer links and then we're gonna change some classes around
just to give you a heads up.
Right.
So let's say here home I'm gonna write that that is going to be my home length.
And now let's copy and paste it four more times.
One two three four and we're gonna have to change some values around so I'm going to create a multiple
selector by in fact typing the old and then the click of the mouse.
So now I'll have two selectors and the second one is going to be about and then let's see and then we're
gonna have what we're gonna have a not home but we're gonna write services services and I didn't have
my second cursor services like so then what was our sections.
I believe it was featured and gallery correct.
So let's remove this featured and then we're gonna have the gallery.
Now the reason why I'm not using hard deals is very simple.
You could technically added that just please understand that since the hard deals are so small the moment
we're going to navigate to a gallery we're gonna be here anyway and then we have right away footer.
So that's the way our setup works.
So you could technically add the deal's idea as well here with a link but it's not particularly necessary.
Okay.
Now we do have these links now some everything looks really well.
And then why don't we place our icons as well.
So let's write for icons and then you know what.
Let's start by creating a div footer icons.
That is our class of course.
And then within these particular links.
Well first of all why don't we set up our link to begin with.
Let's a link.
And as far as a draft normally again you're gonna add of course your social media.
But in my case I'm gonna go with the same one.
OK.
So I'm going to say ETP yes then call on to forward slashes dub dub dub Twitter dot com.
Now normally again if you're creating a Facebook you can actually share the Facebook URL and all that.
Now for your specific page I'm just gonna go with Twitter.
Dot com travesty is going to open up my Twitter now what I would like to do is add a target of blank
here so attribute of Target and the value of blank just so when we click on the link it's gonna open
up in the new browser tab.
Now let's also add a class for styling for icon like so.
And then within the icon why don't we have the font awesome Facebook icon now for the social media icons
we need to know right.
Not F yes but f a b f a Facebook.
And again of course like I said for normally Facebook you're going to have your facebook link not in
my case.
I have a Facebook.
But like I said it opens up my Twitter page just because I have Twitter dot com.
And of course I have already logged in.
Now let me close that.
And you know what I'm gonna do is in fact selected one 2 we're going to copy and pasted on let's just
change the icons let's say the second one is actually going to be Twitter and the third one is gonna
be square space.
Now as far as square space the actual name is square space.
That is our icon.
And yes I do have my icons.
And lastly right after the links I'm just gonna write.
Copyright P right.
Like so.
And then it's going to be a paragraph with the same class copy right.
And then within this paragraph why don't we write copyright.
Then let's use the amount special character by saying And percent we're gonna have copy then let's say
my own.
And then let's just add some text so back roads and travel towards company.
But of course what I can do is I can just write everything with lowercase because I'm gonna set up these
styling anyway so travel and I'm going to leave only one space travel towards company and you know what.
Why don't we add a span for the date.
Now we're gonna use that span later on when we use javascript.
But I would like to do my email setup right away where I'm gonna write span.
Then let's add the I.D. with the value of date and for the time being I'm going to hardcoded now later
on when we're going to set up our javascript.
In fact I'm gonna use this idea to set up a dynamic here.
Now what do I mean by that.
Well technically right now would you start 2018 19.
But what I would like to do is set up the functionality well all the time we're updating.
So if let's say it's gonna be 2020.
Yep then we're gonna have the current year and then right after this plan let's add a dot and ledges
right.
All rights reserved.
Like so let's say that.
And that should do it.
Now we have our footer year.
And next to not we're going gonna start sailing in.